hi everybody its Katie and welcome to
another 5-minute fix video today I
wanted to talk to you about something
that I've been doing every morning
that's really been helping me and as you
can see by the title it's my morning
lemon detox and basically what you do is
I squeeze the juice of either one small
lemon or half of a big one into a glass
and then mix it with half hot water and
half cold basically you want lukewarm
water and drink it every morning before
I eat anything at all and it is so so
good for you so good for your skin good
for digestion it's also good sort of
wake you up it's like a little bit of an
energy boost but it's just lemon with in
warm water it is truly truly spectacular
the salts are really good for weight
loss if you're trying to lose weight
obviously there's no magic pill to
weight loss but this can help because
it's really good for your liver and
getting out toxins and again if you're
trying to cut down on caffeine this is a
really good way to do it I have a little
recipe is in the box below again it's
not that complicated juice of one small
lemon or half of a big one with warm
water and drink it before I eat anything
and wait wait about 10-15 minutes before
I eat breakfast and it truly does
wonders it's also as I said really
really good for your skin if you're
having acne problems or if you just feel
like you need a cleanse this is
brilliant
now obviously I'm not advocating that
this is all you eat in a day do not do
those master cleanses with the lemon
water and that's all you eat that's not
what this is this is just the daily
thing I've been doing every single
morning for the for a while now and I
can truly truly swear by it this is also
perfectly safe for those of you with
hypothyroidism as I talked about in my
thyroid video I love giving you all tips
and tricks this is perfectly perfectly
safe shouldn't interfere with really any
medications you're taking it's just
lemon juice and water so I hope you
enjoy this um
again little five-minute fixes here and
there diet ballet non ballet these will
pop up from time to time coming Friday
Q&A so be sure and get your questions in
thank you all so much for watching I
love you and I will see you then if you
missed the first video in this series
about living well you can click it to
watch also click the subscribe button to
subscribe and don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up if you liked it thanks
again for
you guys